applications: nrf_desktop: Update way of setting APPLICATION_CONFIG_DIR (#18195)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    This ensures correct behavior if another source requests Constant Latency sub-power mode through the nrfx API.
  * The :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_CONSTLAT_DISABLE_ON_STANDBY <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option depends on :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_PM_EVENTS`.
    CAF Power Management events support is necessary to disable constant latency interrupts on standby.

>   * The main application's configuration directory (``APPLICATION_CONFIG_DIR`` CMake option) is set only in the :file:`CMakeLists.txt` file of the application.

Reviewer: perhaps explain purpose of this chage?

(Copying project contents to different directory maintains correct CMake configuration)

Author: The problematic approach was not used in NCS 2.7 (the approach was introduced by 1af3bec0cee2 after NCS 2.7 was released). We describe changes introduced since NCS 2.7, so I made the note more generic.

Reviewer: let's remove the note

Author: Removed note from the PR (as requested by @divipillai). I still wonder if we shouldn't keep the note in general.

Author: Discussed with @kapi-no during standup. We agreed not to add the release note here.

    This ensures correct behavior if another source requests Constant Latency sub-power mode through the nrfx API.
  * The :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_CONSTLAT_DISABLE_ON_STANDBY <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option depends on :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_PM_EVENTS`.
    CAF Power Management events support is necessary to disable constant latency interrupts on standby.

>   * The ``APPLICATION_CONFIG_DIR`` CMake option is set in application's :file:`CMakeLists.txt` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * The ``APPLICATION_CONFIG_DIR`` CMake option is set in the :file:`CMakeLists.txt` file of the application.
```

>     The CMake option was previously set through sysbuild's file:`CMakeLists.txt` file.
>     Change ensures proper behavior in case application source directory name is changed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Previously, the option was set through sysbuild's :file:`CMakeLists.txt` file.
    This change ensures proper behavior in case the source directory name of the application is changed.
```
